Add Documentation for Code Formatting and Testing (#1667)
plone/plone.restapi: docs/source/contributing/index.md

# Contributing to `plone.restapi`

> 

Reviewer: This will better introduce this chapter.

````suggestion

We use GNU `make` when developing `plone.restapi`.
To install this package, its dependencies, and its documentation, code formatting, and testing tools, run the following command in the root of the project.

```shell
make
```

````

conventions
```

## Code Formatting and Testing

> To ensure consistent code formatting, it's recommended to have the "black" tool installed locally. You can install it by running the "make" command inside the "plone.restapi" folder. Once installed, you can use "black" to automatically format the code.

Reviewer: Narrative docs should be one sentence per line. Let's also link to Black, use MyST syntax for inline literals, and add a little more detail.

````suggestion
To ensure consistent code formatting, we use [Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html).
All pull requests must pass code formatting checks.
We recommend that you run Black locally.
You can use the following command to automatically format the code.

```shell
make black
```
````

> The project has a set of dependencies required for its proper functioning. You can install these dependencies by running the "make" command, which will handle the installation process for you.

Reviewer: Let's move this sentence to the very first narrative text in this chapter. Then we don't need to repeat `make`.

```suggestion
```

> To run tests locally and ensure your changes don't introduce any issues, use the "make" command followed by "make test". This will execute the test suite and provide test feedback.

Reviewer: `make` itself is required only one time to install the project.

````suggestion
To run tests locally and ensure your changes don't introduce any issues, use the following command.
This will execute the test suite and provide test feedback.

```shell
make test
```
````
